docs: update note on caching and db/orms (#69695)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/02-data-fetching/01-fetching.mdx

### Fetching data on the server with an ORM or database

> This page will be SSG by default. The page will be prerendered during `next build`. Can be revalidated using [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will be SSG by default. The page will be prerendered during `next build`. It can be revalidated using [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration).
```

  )
}
```

> The database call will run again everytime you revalidte the page using [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database call will run again every time you revalidate the page using [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration).
```

> The database call will run again everytime you revalidte the page using [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The database call will run again every time you revalidate the page using [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration).
```
